config: add redact-info-log (#3965)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ The path of the PEM file that contains the X509 key
+ Default value: ""

### `redact-info-log`

> + This configuration item enables log redaction. If this is enabled, all user data in log will be replaced with `?`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. If the configuration value is set to `true`, all user data in the log will be replaced by `?`.
```
